Support single tuple versioned block fixer (#517)
adamchainz/django-upgrade: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

> * Support single-tuple Django version in the versioned block fixer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Extend versioned block fixer to support comparisons with single-item tuples, like `django.VERSION >= (4,)`.
```
